Content: unfettered intro (#10248)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai outfits.txt

	description "	This keystone comes with a package including a holo-film certificate of authenticity certifying its origins on Hai-home, a decorative but robust frame, and a tiny plaque with the keystone logo and sale number stamped on it. The packaging suggests mounting the framed certificate in a prominent location near the main airlock or public common area."

outfit "Hai Zephyr Cooling"
	category "Systems"
	cost 72000
	thumbnail "outfit/hai zephyr"
	"mass" 14
	"outfit space" -14
	"cooling" 24
	description `This modern cooling system has been developed by the Unfettered with significant help from Korath scientists, who were highly amused that the Williwaw had such a "primitive" design yet simultaneously shared many similarities with a Korath heat shunt.`
	description `	Although advanced for the Hai, the Korath meant this "simple" hydrogen-circulating cooler to be an easy-to-understand stopgap for immediate production, while they brought the Hai up to speed with "proper" heat shunt theory and design.`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

outfit "Dual Pulse Pistols"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	plural "Dual Pulse Pistols"
	cost 77777
	thumbnail "outfit/dual pulse pistols"
	"capture attack" 2.6
	"capture defense" 1.6
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "A pair of modified heavy pulse pistols that are favored by some Unfettered and the occasional pirate captain. Dual wielding them adds more firepower during short raids against a ship's defenders. Individually, they lose their energy charge more quickly than a pulse rifle, making them a poor choice for holding a defensive position during a long siege."

outfit "Heshi"
	category "Unique"
	cost 10000
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"mass" 1
	"capture attack" 4
	"capture defense" 8
	"maintenance costs" 100
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "This is an aquarium containing what the Hai call a 'Heshi' - a huge scorpion looking creature. It must be fed and cared for but can be very useful in damaging the morale of enemies attacking the ship."

> 	description "	On the offensive it can be used to intimidate enemies into surrendering, when they are made aware that they could become its next meal if they do not cooperate... Furthermore, it is very useful in the event of an interrogation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	On the offensive it can be used to intimidate enemies into surrendering, when they are made aware that they could become its next meal if they do not cooperate... furthermore, it is very useful in the event of an interrogation."
```

outfit "Dual Pulse Pistols"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	plural "Dual Pulse Pistols"
	cost 77777
	thumbnail "outfit/dual pulse pistols"
	"capture attack" 2.6
	"capture defense" 1.6
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "A pair of modified heavy pulse pistols that are favored by some Unfettered and the occasional pirate captain. Dual wielding them adds more firepower during short raids against a ship's defenders. Individually, they lose their energy charge more quickly than a pulse rifle, making them a poor choice for holding a defensive position during a long siege."

outfit "Heshi"
	category "Unique"
	cost 10000
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"mass" 1
	"capture attack" 4
	"capture defense" 8
	"maintenance costs" 100
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "This is an aquarium containing what the Hai call a 'Heshi' - a huge scorpion looking creature. It must be fed and cared for but can be very useful in damaging the morale of enemies attacking the ship."

> 	description "	On the offensive it can be used to intimidate enemies into surrendering, when they are made aware that they could become its next meal if they do not cooperate... furthermore, it is very useful in the event of an interrogation."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "It can also be used to intimidate enemies into surrendering, when they are made aware that they could become its next meal if they do not cooperate - this makes it very useful in interrogations."
```

	"unplunderable" 1
	description "The Pulse Rifle was first developed by the Hai to help protect their ships from boarders during the Korath raids. While it has since been adapted to more effectively incapacitate its target, if several bolts land in quick succession, the accumulated charge has a lethal effect on most species' nervous systems."

> outfit "Dual Pulse Pistols"

Author: but they're both hand to hand?

> outfit "Dual Pulse Pistols"

Reviewer: True.
